Presumptuous who are you?
What qualifications do you have?
You nobody
Really, please trouble Boss Liang.
Be my witness and introducer
If I can't prove the claim is correct
No one cares
I will die by myself
This is what you said.
Why has Mr. Ye caused such trouble?
Ye Xian, you are too successful
Can't start business
Since this request and the bet are all made by you
Then you can show the big guy
How did you prove that you were right?
This ship is dead
The huge one looks like four years.
How can it be fake?
Thanks.
These four words
Indeed
But
This review is a splicing thing.
Don't eat this dish at all
Splicing, how are you eating it? It's splicing porridge?
Mind flat
Where the bottom of the old bottle is spliced
Superb memory
But the problem lies in the flaw of this bottle
Ye Xian, you are so brave
How dare you take our monk's rim
Qingsi was smashed
Ye Xian is courting death